<!-- Filename: Security_Checklist/Site_Recovery / Display title: Security Checklist/Site Recovery -->

## Site Recovery

### Get help the right way

If you believe your Web site was attacked, **do not** create yet another
oh-so-boring post in the Joomla! forums with the title, _"Help! I've
been hacked."_ This tells us nothing of importance. The vast majority of
compromised sites were not setup correctly or were using obsolete
versions of Joomla! or third-party extensions. This is what you need to
investigate.

If you discover a real vulnerability, publishing the information could
put other Web sites at risk. Instead, report possible security
vulnerabilities to the
<a href="http://developer.joomla.org/security" class="external text"
target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">Joomla! Security Task
Force</a>.

### Follow a logical and rigorous recovery process

Know the important steps to follow when your site has been compromised.
Once your site has been cracked, there are few shortcuts.
**([FAQ](https://docs.joomla.org/Security_and_Performance_FAQs#Help.21_My_site.27s_been_compromised._Now_what.3F 'Security and Performance FAQs'))**

### Reset your administrator password

Many attackers take pleasure in locking you out of your site. They often
do this by changing your administrator password. If you are locked out,
don't panic! There is a simple procedure for resetting your
administrator password.

(<a
href="https://docs.joomla.org/How_do_you_recover_your_admin_password%3F"
class="mw-redirect"
title="How do you recover your admin password?">FAQ</a>)

### Find exploit attempts using the \*NIX shell

Know how to check for suspicious and/or modified files. Know how to
check the raw Apache logs for suspicious activity on your site.
**([FAQ](https://docs.joomla.org/Security_and_Performance_FAQs#How_do_I_find_exploits_using_the_.2ANIX_shell.3F 'Security and Performance FAQs'))**

## Your Turn...

If you discover a vulnerability in Joomla! core files,
<a href="http://developer.joomla.org/security/contact-the-team.html"
class="external text" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">report
it here</a>.
